All right, so our mission was to get
comfortable with timer interval I
think we're all pros at this point and
then the idea of subscribing
unsubscribing to observables.
Now the we talked about this before
we lead into this which is we're
gonna have to do things like store
the observable kinda in the module scope,
kinda like the global scope.
Because we don't have
the tools to kind of start and
stop I talked a big game
with like generators.
Which kinda this is in this case rice
generating a number at a regular interval.
And again we could start we could stop and
we skip and
could switch between
them we can do all that.
Again we have not put that all
together in our tool set yet so
our goal right now is just get
comfortable subscribing, subscribing.
Dealing with the idea that we could have,
events coming from our,
sort of a stream of observable
bands coming from a button.
Setting all that up and
then we'll begin to kind of refine it and
refactor it as we go along.
So here we have a basic counter.
And we wanna do is start by basically
listening to stuff on that.
We wanna subscribe to events
that come from start button,
we wanna subscribe to events
that come from the pause button.
So in this case, we will say, Start,
Subscribe, I'll pass that in a function.
And in this case we will go ahead and
we'll create one up here.
And we'll say when we go ahead and
we start we'll set the interval.
And we'll subscribe to it as well and
in this case we're going to call set
count and we need the dollar sign.
And here we'll actually make
an interval in this case.
Will subscribe to it and when they hit
the pause button we'll go ahead and
we will,
Right, and so
we should have that in place.
And now we have this, and
let's go ahead and let's try it out.
And iterates every second.
Now we can pause it.
And it starts over because we get a brand
new observable each time we're creating
a new interval observable,
it starts in the same place.
Now, this in this case is technically,
our subscription because
this is creating the observable, and
we have subscribe up here, right?
So really, what we could do is say,
I want one observable
And that will store the subscription.
And so take the same observable, And
will subscribe and unsubscribe from it
Both it feels a little weird with
the fact that we're storing this up here.
But it's also not totally dissimilar from
thing we might store ,we might hold on to
a subscription when react mounts
that component we might subscribe.
When the component is about to
unmount we might unsubscribe from it.
Use effect,
Angular has built in syntax for this.
Spelt will, you wrap it slightly
to get it to both, subscribe and
unsubscribe as well.
And we've got the subscription.
Now it'd be great if we
could actually like,
kind of just take the difference of
events coming from the buttons and
handle this all internally
in our observable stream.
We're not totally there yet,
but we should be able to do it.
Not too long from now.